Jenna Zhu
jennazhu@bu.edu

CS111 Problem Set 2
Task 0


1. The most interesting idea in this article for me was Watson's ability to parse language
and the questions given on Jeopardy. I also enjoyed the information on Watson's confidence
"logic"/"algorithm" and how that affects Watson's buzz-in time. Watson's ability to parse speech
and its buzz-in time correlating with its confidence level reflects a regular, human contestant's,
that's why I find it so interesting. Although Watson is far from being human, the steps that it takes
to process the question and answer it is very similar to humans when it comes to understanding
language/speech as well as actions based on confidence level.

2. Watson's technology can definitely be used heavily in the medical field/community as well as
just every day life. For instance, Amazon's Alexa is very similar to Watson's capabilities.
Individuals can ask Alexa questions like what is today's weather, play this certain song for me,
etc, and Alexa would process the speech/command just as Watson would, search for the weather,
and produce an outcome. As for the medical field, medical diagnosises are based off of compiling
specific symptoms and concluding to a certain diagnosis. Using Watson's technology, there would
be an ease of memorizing medical symptoms and information and compiling all of them to come to a
conclusion and possibly reduce misdiagnosis and difficulty memorizing information.

3. Watson has a static database of information while humans have their own, physical memory to 
go off of (as well as the internet). While Watson can spend miliseconds finding and producing
an answer from a large database, humans often forget things or remember things incorrectly.
Unlike humans, Watson uses key words when it parses comands/speech which can often produce
many answers that may not be correct (for instance, the Jeopardy question about U.S. Cities 
that Watson responded with "What is Toronto?????") due to lots of data/different outcomes for
a general question in human language. A similarity between Watson-thinking and human-thinking
is that the time they both take in producing an answer correlates with their confidence levels:
lower confidence leads to a longer time taken to answer a question, and vice versa for higher confidence levels